README.md, before:

# Blue Jay - Blueprint

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)

Blueprint for your next web application in Go.

Quick Start Website with Jay:

(as this is a fork, installation steps are a bit different)

1. To download Blueprint, clone this repo into $GOPATH/src/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint
1. To download Jay, run the following command: go get github.com/blue-jay/jay
1. Install glide: https://github.com/Masterminds/glide
1. In your terminal, CD to the blueprint folder.
1. Run `glide install`.
1. Run `jay env make` to create the env.json file from env.json.example.
1. Start PostgreSQL, create a database and run migrations from migration/postgres the way you like.
1. Edit the PostgreSQL section of env.json to match your database login information.
1. Run the application: go run blueprint.go
1. Open your web browser to http://localhost and you should see the welcome page.
1. Navigate to the register page at http://localhost/register and create a new user.
1. You can now login at http://localhost/login.


Documentation available here: https://blue-jay.github.io/

Blue Jay is a web toolkit for [Go](https://golang.org/). It's a collection of
command-line tools and a web blueprint that allows you to easily structure
your web application. There is no rigid framework to which you have to
conform.

There are a few components:

- [**Blueprint**](https://github.com/blue-jay/blueprint) is a
model-view-controller (MVC) style web skeleton.

- [**Jay**](https://github.com/blue-jay/jay) is a command-line tool with
modules for find/replace, database migrations, code generation, and env.json.

- [**Core**](https://github.com/blue-jay/core) is a collection of packages
available to Blueprint and Jay as well as other applications.

Check the [milestones](https://github.com/blue-jay/blueprint/milestones) for
project status.

Commit message:

Added information on running tests and development in general

README.md, after:

# Blue Jay - Blueprint

[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)
[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint)

Blueprint for your next web application in Go.

## Quick Start Website with Jay

(as this is a fork, installation steps are a bit different)

1. To download Blueprint, clone this repo into $GOPATH/src/github.com/blue-jay/blueprint
1. To download Jay, run the following command: go get github.com/blue-jay/jay
1. Install glide: https://github.com/Masterminds/glide
1. In your terminal, CD to the blueprint folder.
1. Run `glide install`.
1. Run `jay env make` to create the env.json file from env.json.example.
1. Start PostgreSQL, create a database and run migrations from migration/postgres the way you like.
1. Edit the PostgreSQL section of env.json to match your database login information.
1. Run the application: go run blueprint.go
1. Open your web browser to http://localhost and you should see the welcome page.
1. Navigate to the register page at http://localhost/register and create a new user.
1. You can now login at http://localhost/login.

## Running Tests

Before running tests ensure that your postgres user can create and drop other databases.
You can get all the correct settings with a single command, which is also convenient for development:

    docker run -p 5432:5432 -e POSTGRES_DB=blueprint -e POSTGRES_USER=blueprint postgres:9.6

Tests themselves are run with this command:

    go test $(glide novendor)

## Original Information

Documentation available here: https://blue-jay.github.io/

Blue Jay is a web toolkit for [Go](https://golang.org/). It's a collection of
command-line tools and a web blueprint that allows you to easily structure
your web application. There is no rigid framework to which you have to
conform.

There are a few components:

- [**Blueprint**](https://github.com/blue-jay/blueprint) is a
model-view-controller (MVC) style web skeleton.

- [**Jay**](https://github.com/blue-jay/jay) is a command-line tool with
modules for find/replace, database migrations, code generation, and env.json.

- [**Core**](https://github.com/blue-jay/core) is a collection of packages
available to Blueprint and Jay as well as other applications.

Check the [milestones](https://github.com/blue-jay/blueprint/milestones) for
project status.
